Doc queue #56: expand description of a few VFS modules (#787)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/sharing.rst

   | commit              | Tracks the amount of data written to a file and synchronizes it to disk when a specified amount accumulates.                    |
   |                     |                                                                                                                                 |
   +---------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | crossrename         | Allows server side rename operations even if source and target are on different physical devices. Required for the recycle bin  |
   |                     | to work across dataset boundaries. Automatically added when :guilabel:`Export Recycle Bin` is enabled.                          |
   +---------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | default_quota       | **Deprecated: use ixnas module** Stores the default quotas that are reported to a windows client in the quota record of a user. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | default_quota       | **Deprecated: use the ixnas module instead.** Store the default quotas that are reported to a Windows client in the quota record of a user. |
```

   +---------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | virusfilter         | This extremely **experimental** module is still under development and does not work at this time.                               |
   +---------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | winmsa              | Emulates the Microsoft *MoveSecurityAttributes=0* registry option. Moving files or directories sets the ACL for file and        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | winmsa              | Emulate the Microsoft *MoveSecurityAttributes=0* registry option. Moving files or directories sets the ACL for file and        |
```
